It's wonderful that we can be together for this year's exercise patience convention.
It's been four years since we've had an in-person regional convention.
Your patience in waiting for this day will be rewarded.
Speaking for the governing body, I can say that this will be an excellent program for all of us to enjoy.
We'll benefit from over 40 talks, as well as videos, a dramatic Bible reading and a two-part feature-length drama.
And all of this is designed to build us up and to help us endure the remaining days of this old world.
As you can see from the theme of this year's program, we're especially highlighting the quality of patience.
Patients originates with Jehovah.
It's one of the nine aspects of the fruitage of his spirit that are listed at Galatians chapter 5 verses 22 and 23.
If you had memorized that list of qualities some years ago, when reciting it, you would have said that the first four aspects are love, joy, peace, and long suffering.
However, in the 2013 revision of the New World Translation, the governing body decided to change the expression long suffering to patience.
Why the change?
Languages are not static. They evolve.
This is obvious when comparing the translations that are on display in the Bible Museum at our World Headquarters in Warwick, New York.
For example, in the 16th century, when William Tindale translated the Greek scriptures into English, he had to invent many new words.
One of those words was long suffering. That word long suffering continued to be used in many other English Bibles.
But the language used in 1526 is very different from the English language spoken today.
We've had to respond to changes in language in order to touch the heart of today's reader.
You see, these days, people often misunderstand the term long suffering, thinking that it simply means someone who suffers for a long time.
But that could describe a very impatient person who has to put up with a situation that's out of his control, whether he really wants to endure it or not.
Instead, the original language words used in the Bible indicate a more positive mean.
Long suffering does not mean merely suffering long or just putting up with a trying situation.
It involves deliberate restraint or calm endurance, which is better expressed by the word patience.
When a patient person is wronged or provoked, he remains calm as he awaits the outcome of the situation.
Additionally, patience is a quality that must be shown in all circumstances, not just when enduring an offense, a hardship, or a trial.
We must exercise patience in everyday situations with one's spouse and children, with aging parents and other relatives, with friends in the congregation, in public as when sharing in the ministry,
when in line at a store or when driving a vehicle in traffic.
Can you see why this aspect of the fruitage of the Spirit is especially necessary now?
We live in an impatient world, more and more people are not willing to wait for anyone or anything.
When they want something, they want it now.
That attitude can rub off on us if we're not on guard.
That is why for three days, we're going to delve into the Bible to see some beautiful examples of patience that we can imitate, Jehovah God, Jesus Christ, faithful men and women of old, including God's ancient prophets, and modern-day examples.
We'll learn why we need patience, how we can exercise it, and what blessings await those who are patient.
Now, please give your full attention to the entire program.
Follow along in the Bible.
Take note of the points that especially touch your heart and know that we on the governing body love you all and continue to pray that you will keep on patiently enduring to the end.